Docs: fix joinGet function (#7719)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/query_language/functions/other_functions.md

For example, takes state of aggregate function (example runningAccumulate(uniqState(UserID))), and for each row of block, return result of aggregate function on merge of states of all previous rows and current row.
So, result of function depends on partition of data to blocks and on order of data in block.

## joinGet {#joinget}

> The function lets you extract data from the table the same way as from a [dictionary](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/query_language/dicts/).

Reviewer: internal links have to be relative and point to markdown files

Gets data from [Join](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/operations/table_engines/join/) tables using the specified join key.

Only supports tables created with the `ENGINE = Join(ANY, LEFT, <join_keys>)` statement.

**Syntax** 

```sql
joinGet(`join_storage_table_name`, `value_column`, join_keys)
```

**Parameters** 

- `join_storage_table_name` — name of the table where search will be performed.
- `value_column` — name of the column of the table that contains required data.
- `join_keys` — list of keys.

**Returned value**

Returns list of values corresponded to list of keys.

> If certain doesn't exist in source table then `0` or `null` will be returned based on [join_use_nulls](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/operations/settings/settings/#settings-join_use_nulls) setting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If some keys doesn't exist in source table then default value or `NULL` will be returned (depending on [join_use_nulls](https://clickhouse.yandex/docs/en/operations/settings/settings/#settings-join_use_nulls) setting). 
```
